ENH: Add an option to prevent stripping extra whitespaces in pd.read_html (#59455)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- Users can globally disable any ``PerformanceWarning`` by setting the option ``mode.performance_warnings`` to ``False`` (:issue:`56920`)
- :meth:`Styler.format_index_names` can now be used to format the index and column names (:issue:`48936` and :issue:`47489`)
- :class:`.errors.DtypeWarning` improved to include column names when mixed data types are detected (:issue:`58174`)

> - :class:`pandas.io.html._HtmlFrameParser` now accepts a ``strip_whitespace`` argument to decide if extra whitespaces should be trimmed in HTML tables (:issue:`24766`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`read_html` now accepts a ``strip_whitespace`` argument to decide if extra whitespaces should be trimmed in HTML tables (:issue:`24766`)
```
`read_html` is the public API that users use.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I changed it in the latest commit
